With a collection of the most sought after classic and modern Fender amps cabinets and stompboxes
AmpliTube Fender® sets a new standard for software amplifiers.
For both guitar and bass, from Country to Blues and Rock, Punk to Metal,
whatever style you play,
AmpliTube Fender is the only amp suite
that gives you the world’s most influential guitar and bass tones
right on your desktop.
Quite possibly the most famous guitar amp of all time,
the tweed Bassman® is considered a must-have for any serious tone connoisseur.
Originally conceived in the 1950s
to amplify the newly invented Fender® Precision Bass guitar,
it was quickly adopted by guitarists
who found that it was able to
provide shimmering clean tones
and a cranked up “crunch” tone  that lent itself perfectly to Rock and Roll.
That tone became the basis  for the famous British “stacks” of the 60s and beyond.
Played clean or distorted, from Rock to Blues to Country,
with or without external effects,
the ’59 Bassman® is the foundation for a wide variety of great tones.
One of the most distinctive amps of all time.
It delivers a shimmering, pure clean tone
that is perfect for any style of music,
yet it will bark when turned up to arena volume.
The Twin Reverb is known as the first popular “built-in effects” amp,
with world-standard Fender Reverb and Tremolo.
This is also a great amplifier
for accentuating the character of external stomp boxes,
making it an incredibly versatile platform to build on.
One of the first amplifiers designed by Leo Fender, and one of the most influential.
The Tweed Deluxe provides classic compressed overdriven tones when cranked,
and rich harmonic clean tones when played at low volumes.
The Deluxe is a great amplifier for Chicago-style Blues tones,
as well as Country and early Rock and Roll tones.
Today, modern players of all stripes
use a Deluxe in the studio to create their own “tone magic”.
A true classic that delivers classic Country and Rock tones, from Nashville to Liverpool.
The Deluxe Reverb has a bright, punchy attack
that is perfect for finger-picking, Garage-Rock...
...just about anything.
The Deluxe Reverb is an amp
that has been used on countless recordings
due to its pure tube tone,
great Reverb and Tremolo, and amazing versatility.
A hand-wired reissue
specifically based on Stevie Ray Vaughan’s original Vibroverb,
as modifed by “Amp Doctor” Cesar Diaz.
Its Blackface circuit and 15” speaker create a shimmering clean tone
that is perfect for Jazz or Country.
With the available “Mod” mode,
the Vibroverb Custom can create the famous Texas Blues tone
with its touch of preamp tube distortion and punchy mid focus.
A marriage of classic Fender® tone and modern versatility,
perfect for everything from vintage clean tones
to 70’s-style Classic Rock crunch
to modern Metal and Punk.
Its independent cascading gain stages and custom EQ
allow guitarists to create a huge variety of both
vintage and modern harder-edged distorted tones,
all while retaining that unmistakable Fender® character.
This modern Fender® classic provides incredible clean tones,
unequalled touch sensitivity, and a thick overdrive character
that will inspire artistic inspiration for any player.
Engaging the FAT switch
helps boost it into classic Rock distortion.
The Vibro King also contains Fender’s unique ’63 Reverb circuit,
which means this amplifier is a perfect choice
for Country, Blues, and Surf players, as well.